ex3_ground_station/README.md, before:

# EX3 Ground Station

## Overview

The EX3 Ground Station software interfaces with the Ex Alta 3 satellite, offering command and control capabilities through a web-based dashboard and a command-line interface. The project is organized as a Rust workspace with multiple components including a backend server, a web dashboard, migration tools, and a CLI for direct OBC communication.

## Workspace Structure

- **cli_command_obc**: Command-line interface for direct communication with the satellite's on-board computer (OBC).
- **dashboard**: Web-based UI dashboard for monitoring and managing satellite operations.
- **migration**: Contains database migration scripts to manage the evolution of database schema.
- **server**: Backend server that provides APIs for the dashboard and handles all server-side logic including database interactions.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)
- [Trunk](https://trunkrs.dev/#install)
- [SeaORM CLI](https://www.sea-ql.org/SeaORM/docs/installation/cli)

### Installation and Setup

1. **Clone the repository:**

- `git clone https://github.com/AlbertaSat/ex3_ground_station.git`
- `cd ex3_ground_station`

2. **Configure the environment variables:**

- Create a `.env` file in the root directory.
- Update the `DATABASE_URL` in the `.env` file to point to your PostgreSQL database. For the official database URL, please contact the lead developer.

3. **Run database migrations (if necessary):**

- If you are setting up a new database instance or need to update an existing database to reflect recent changes in the schema, from the projects root directory run
  ```
  sea-orm-cli migrate up
  ```

### Run Server

1. `cd server`
2. `cargo run`

### Run Dashboard

1.  `cd dashboard`
2.  `trunk serve`

### Run CLI

1. `cd cli_command_obc`
2. `cargo run`

Commit message:

fix: Switch from PostgreSQL to local file storage and update .gitignore and README

ex3_ground_station/README.md, after:

# EX3 Ground Station

## Overview

The EX3 Ground Station software interfaces with the Ex Alta 3 satellite, offering command and control capabilities through a web-based dashboard and a command-line interface. The project is organized as a Rust workspace with multiple components including a backend server, a web dashboar, and a CLI for direct OBC communication.

## Workspace Structure

- **cli_command_obc**: Command-line interface for direct communication with the satellite's on-board computer (OBC).
- **dashboard**: Web-based UI dashboard for monitoring and managing satellite operations.
- **server**: Backend server that provides APIs for the dashboard and handles all server-side logic including file-based data storage.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install)
- [Trunk](https://trunkrs.dev/#install)

### Installation and Setup

**Clone the repository:**

- `git clone https://github.com/AlbertaSat/ex3_software.git`
- `cd ex3_ground_station`

### Run Server

Note: Data Storage
All data is stored inside the `server/data` folder as JSON files. Ensure this folder exists and is writable to allow the server to store and manage data properly.

1. `cd server`
2. `cargo run`

### Run Dashboard

1.  `cd dashboard`
2.  `trunk serve`

### Run CLI

1. `cd cli_command_obc`
2. `cargo run`
